what we have here is the audi tt that
we just had the chance to try here
in mallorca hermitage of sawyer with some
Especially slippery roads
because of the temporary and good we are
in the international presentation of the tt
raster as you can see their designs
it is practically identical to that of the
coupe version and the main difference
because it is precisely the roof of
canvas that has electric drive
that unfolds in just 10 seconds
and that has a weight of 39 kilos that are
3 kilos less than what he weighed on his
predecessor the reason why we audi
says that they have opted for a roof
canvas because there are several reasons really
one is aesthetic that for them is one of
the thanks of the raster tp is that it has
this canvas roof the other is a theme
technical and that is to spend much more but
because it also allows it to be faster
of triggering and they also get that
gravity center is located in a
highest position in the car I make
in the end
also the manageability of the car and
curved areas
some
apologize but is that today in
mallorca is a bit windy some of
the peculiar things that differentiate
this car as you can see the interior
it's very similar to the coupe version
there are hardly any differences and let's say that
can divide in two on the one hand this
that we have here that in case
we get for having the seats
sports is what Mercedes called in
your day download is a system that
what it does is that it expels air out there
hot 3 when you go descapotado
you have a very nice feeling
because the hot air is going
giving the nape is a system that
connect with these little hands that there
here as you see in the air areas
the filmmaker has a button if
we press
we see that what is connected is the part
bottom of the seat that is a seat
heated and if we turn it
we see that they start to different
ventilation system speeds
of the seat this form of this kind of
command is very similar to the one that already has
the coupé and what are these we have
here you already have the coupe for the system
of air conditioning